Oh not, I don't know.
Ah, it started.
Yep, perfect.
It's taking sweet dime.
Here we go.
Yep.
So all right,
actually there's probably two things I
can open to go right from the very top.
Go back here and also go,
what have we got here?
Let's just do this one in the background.
So I think you may or may not remember we
originally, so from a very high level,
we originally sort of planned at the
start of the programme,
we planned to have 2 environments and we
would build separate functions in
separate environments and we'd have a
common data model and data would be
shared between them.
And we kind of moved away from that,
right,
'cause that became just way too hard.
And so, yeah, so we're at at a high level,
we've kind of got 2 environments still,
which originally was sort of ARMS 01 and
ARMS 02.
But ARMS O2 is being rebadged a little
bit to be called our Acers environment.
And all that stands for is Asqua's
corporate and enabling systems.
And so where we've got ARMS 01,
ARMS being Asqua's regulatory management
systems,
we've also got we rebadged Arms O2 to be
Acers.
So it's all corporate and enabling
systems.
We went and got another vendor called The
Factor, which you may have heard of,
and they had this little ticketing system
that they'd built power platform kind of
solution there and we're using that.
You might have heard of Tracker.
You probably logged a couple of Tracker
tickets potentially already.
So it's just a ticketing system and it's
just being used by tech OPS right now.
But that the intention of tracker as a
concept was if our,
if our data and reporting team wants to
have a ticketing system to manage their
work,
we'd repurpose this tracker system and
sort of hive them off.
And so basically it's just a support form
that you can fill out your request and it
goes in and yeah,
tech OPS can manage and sort and Philtre
and do all their work in there.
We've also got the factor doing a form
solution,
which is really just it's a bit of a self
service build your own form,
but it's with people and capability are
using that to build some of their
onboarding forms and you know request new
devices,
all these sort of people and capability
forms they're building in there.
So we don't have a lot to do with ACES,
right?
It's off to the side.
We'll do a bit of that.
It's sort of infrastructure support stuff.
But the factors in there and the factor
is kind of working very sort of business
front end corporate and enabling working
with that team to manage that solution
there for us.
OK.
But just if you hear people talking about
aces,
that's kind of just all of our internal
corporate and enabling solutions that
we're going to build in there.
It's not external facing,
There's no external sort of portal or
anything for that.
It's it's purely just for sort of forms
management and ticket management.
OK, so, and I just cracked that open,
right.
So you'll see they're,
they're kind of in customer service hub
and there's a whole bunch of tickets
coming in already from tracker.
But it's the,
it's the Asqua Aces environment versus
the, you know,
the arms Asqua Arms environment there.
OK,
most of our work is gonna be over in this
sort of side.
So what is in arms so far?
Again,
you'll have a little bit of this
knowledge from before, right.
But when we first sort of started and did,
did you ever meet Judy who was an aspirin?
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
I was working with her for the data
migration.
Yeah, yeah, right.
So, so,
so when we sort of first kicked off,
they were working,
Judy was working more on that TPA
Training Product Accreditation 1 and we
had DSD in and they were working on Sims,
which was sort of customer inquiry
management.
And so those were the 2 apps that we sort
of started with, OK.
And so Training Product accreditation
still called TPA,
but really it's we were going to take on
a whole lot more functions in this space,
which is why it was training product
accreditation.
We've gone back to just doing our core
function,
which is receiving applications to
accredit a new course.
And so that really hasn't been changed
since Judy left.
We haven't done much to that solution
other than some minor tweaks around the
edges.
And that team is still sort of managing
nicely in this solution.
It's case management,
but it hasn't been uplifted to sort of be
the universal case model.
And so at some point in the future,
I think they'll come back and say two
things that we should uplift them to be
more in line with the universal case
model.
But we also didn't build all of their
application forms into a portal.
So people can't apply to become a course
owner from a portal.
They still, you know, create a,
I think that might even be like a Gov CMS
form that ends up sort of forwarding
across an email and that's got a whole
lot of documents attached to it.
And so TBA is parked at the moment,
but maybe in the future they'll want to
digitise their forms and, you know,
have that as a portal function.
There has been talk though that Asqua may
not continue to have that training
product accreditation kind of function
anymore.
And so it'll go one of two ways.
They'll want us to extend their
functionality in the future or ask or
will just stop doing this function
altogether.
So we,
we kind of don't have to worry about TPA
at the moment, OK,
Customer enquiry management,
originally that was the same solution.
It's got the Genesis components connected
to it.
So that's our our IVR sort of call centre
solution that originally when DSD built
it was connected to the case record
directly.
So as you know,
almost every phone call came in,
became a case,
any emails that they were receiving
became a case.
But when we implemented the universal
case model,
we said you guys don't really fit that
right because you're just someone called
up and you just sent them APDF.
That's not a case, right?
And so we did a bunch of work to
replicate their case functionality into
an enquiry record.
And so Genesis is kind of connected to
that.
It now creates a phone activity and the
phone activity converts to an enquiry
record.
And so the solution is good because it's
sort of hived off to the side now.
It's not using case,
but we're still got some residual
functions using that Sams case module.
And so we're trying to push people out of
that so that the only thing we end up in
the case table is really those regulatory
UCM type cases in there.
But largely Sims is now off to the side
as well, right?
They're not 100% happy with that solution.
But for, for mine,
it's actually working OK for them for now.
We might get some more enhancements in
that space,
but they're largely out of case
management now.
They're really just using their own
Genesis connected to to phone activities
and then creating inquiry records off to
the side there.
Since then,
I think intelligence was the next app
that came along.
Again,
that was the first big app for Raj Radha.
They obviously did all the transition of
of the sends one out of cases as well.
Did all the foundational case build,
but then they sort of went into the
intelligence as a function and that
started with replacement of Asqua Connect,
which was our legacy kind of complaints
portal.
So Asqua Connect's been decommissioned.
We're now on the on the arms portal and,
and,
and people generally are referring to
that as the the Asqua portal,
the next generation portal.
It's just Asqua portal.asqua.
gov dot AU right?
So very generic.
It's not like where we had the Asquinet
branding and all of those things.
We're totally got away from Asquinet.
It's just the Asqua portal now.
We first went live with an
unauthenticated solution on that portal,
which was for our tip off form,
which was a replacement of the complaints
form.
The tip off form's not that complicated.
Our old complaint form had like 80
questions on it.
This new one's got like 10 questions on
it.
So they're really simplified down.
It's kinda tell us a little bit about who
you are if you want to,
and then tell us about the organisation,
the people involved and what happened.
And so it's a very sort of generic tip
off form that was the first iteration.
And what was happening when those would
come in and it would create cases in
Aspinet and they'd manage all of the work
there.
And then we went through and build out
their full case management function.
So they now have an entire end to end tip
off comes in,
creates a tip off submission record.
They do some triage sort of work in that
that submission record.
And this is a real model for us moving
forward, right?
Everything coming from the portal,
every single change,
even if it's not an official form,
even if you're just going in and editing
some details,
it kind of is going to create a
submission record.
And each of the submission records is,
is its own individual thing, right?
So,
so we haven't tried to bundle a bunch of
different types of submissions into one
submission record.
The the model is kind of each new and
then that's in line with power pages and
the way it works with D365, right.
It's like when you when you create a form,
it creates kind of its own record in its
own container.
And so that's our submission records.
And so we have a tip off submission.
We now have AQI submission and I'll get
to qualification integrity in a second.
And and what the team's working on in RMA
now are a bunch of different submission
records.
If you're adding a new person,
it'll be a submission record.
If you're adding a new training product,
it'll be a new submission record.
And then the same thing sort of happens,
right?
They do a little bit of assessment slash
triage on the actual submission records
and then they'll create where they need
to,
they'll create cases to do more
processing.
But some things,
there'll be two things in the RMA
submission records,
a bunch of them will kind of auto process
because it's just updating really minor
details.
You know,
you changed a contact person for one of
your delivery locations.
We don't need to approve that, right?
It's just an update of information.
We still have a submission record for it.
So we know who did it, when they did it,
how it was actioned.
But the system kind of will process that
automatically.
There's some other submission records
that they'll take a look at and
potentially do something maybe before
they say we're OK with that action it.
And so the the entire workflow is still
kind of in that submission record,
but it's very, very basic.
It's just to have a look at it.
Does it all look OK?
Just say proceed and it will go and apply
changes.
The third submissions are ones like the
adding products to scope.
We'll do a case and we'll do an
assessment against, you know,
other training products that you've got,
whether there's any complaints about you,
all those sorts of things,
and then decide whether we're going to
approve or reject that application.
So it's almost like 3 three ways
submission records get closed, right?
The first one's automatically.
The second one is we have a look at it
and close it in the submission record.
The third one is it kind of goes through
a case and then the end result is that
the submission will get updated.
Yep, that makes sense.
Yes, yes.
All right, cool.
I was gonna go somewhere that was higher.
Ah, cool.
And so when when we talk about Palmy,
which is the word Pradeep and I and you
will be doing a a bit of this.
This is the integration piece.
All works off Palmy.
Palmy is the provider and registration
management and integration module, right.
And so let me flick something up here
which I can share all this stuff with you.
I think I've got,
let's just look at this one.
It might be in here.
No, it's not.
Let me just open.
I'll show you this one as well.
But there's another one here,
push and pull model.
So this one,
what this one's talking about, right?
So let me,
let me just quickly talk through this one.
So what I was saying to people,
this is about the source of truth.
And so on the left hand side,
we've got Aspinet,
on the right hand side we've got arms.
And So what I was talking to Executive
and Chain and others about was at the
moment,
like when we go live with an RMA function,
if we're going to be running both systems
and Ascuanet is still the source of truth
and it's still publishing to TGA.
Then when we,
when we build a new function,
we kind of have to spend money over here
to build the new function and we sort of
have to spend money here to deprecate the
new function that we've delivered from
Asquinet.
But we also now that this new function
lives over here,
we have to push all the data back to
Asquinet so that it can get published to
TGA.
And, and as we're building new staff,
what we're really doing is moving closer
towards Arms being the source of truth,
right?
And so you'll see we've now got ad scope
and Reg updates and contact updates,
which means we're still pushing all this
information back to Asquinet so that it
can get published to TGA.
But what would make more sense is at some
point Arms becomes the source of truth,
right?
And then registration management has
moved all the way across to.
And so registration management is palmy,
right,
because it's the curated data set that
publishes to TGA.
And so I said the really critical thing
is we need to do this as soon as possible.
Otherwise you're spending all this money
building stuff to push data back to
Aspenet and it's all throw away effort,
right?
Yeah.
And so,
so they kind of repositioned here to go.
Let's stop rapidly deploying to
production little incremental solutions.
Now we need to have a longer delivery
window so that we can do all of this
shifting work, right.
And this is,
this is the Palmi work and this is the
TGA integration work.
This is moving all of registration
management across to arms and it's also
moving the way we publish to TGA to,
to come out of the arms registration
management.
And the biggest thing there is,
there will still be some processes in
Asquinet.
And so where we do need that data to be
published,
we'll just push that data across to arms.
And so it sort of flips that arrow there,
right?
Pretty obvious sort of stuff where it's
just like we used to be pushing
everything this way.
We have to start just everything lives
now in arms and it's only the legacy
stuff that's still left in Aspinet that
we push across.
OK, got it.
They so they got all of this and they're
like, all right, let's slow down,
let's do the RMA project,
let's do a longer delivery window.
So,
so we're talking they're thinking mid
year, I'm thinking end of year.
So,
so December next year in 12 months time
is probably by the time we've moved all
of that registration management stuff to
arms,
built all of the new portal functions,
got all of our authentication and
authorization models,
rebuilt our integration services to be
able to publish to T I think it's
probably closer to 12 months before we're
ready to go live.
But what they wanna do is keep pushing
into pre prod the whole way through as
we're building new functions and getting
the business to test and demonstrating
our progress from pre prod.
And that's kind of our definition of done
right is pre prod.
And then at the end we'll do a bigger
bang release to production, which is,
you know,
migrating all of our users into the new
portal.
Most of the functions are available on
the new Asqua portal,
but there might still be a couple of
residual functions and the way I'm trying
to split that is the really low volume,
low low usage functions.
Leave them on Askwinet if we don't have
time,
but 80% of the functionality will be in
our new portal when we migrate.
Got it.
Yeah.
So,
so probably sometime between June and
December, yet to be agreed,
we'll do a bigger bang deployment.
And that is basically this thing
happening right where we sort of switch
over to arms being the source of truth
there.
OK.
And so actually, let me just look here.
Pandas press 2.
Let's just go DI think it was the D com
strategy.
So it it this was a second presentation I
did because the message wasn't getting in.
And so the first presentation was sort of
talking about the fact that there's a
bunch of words in here about maximising
benefits and blah, blah, blah.
But really it showed a similar thing,
but a slightly different detail.
And the reason that this is important is
if you look at can you,
can you see that enough?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I can.
So,
So you'll see what I sort of said is it's
almost like there's a line across the
below that first set of of orange boxes
there or pink boxes.
And above that line is Parmy.
It is that curated data set.
It is the data set that publishes to TGA.
So it's all about organisations,
their registrations,
the training products, their,
their delivery locations, who their their,
you know,
governing people and primary contacts are.
And so that's the data that we published
to TGA.
Everything below that is kind of the work
that Aspen does, right?
So we receive applications and we receive
changes to people's registrations and we
used to get complaints.
We now get tip offs.
We request information,
we refer stuff to other teams,
they do audits, we make decisions.
We can reconsider our decisions, right?
All of that stuff for me is the work that
Asqua does.
And if you look at Arms.
That's the work that the RMA,
the Honey bees team are doing, right?
They, they,
they started with tip offs and complaints.
They've done some service delivery stuff.
They're they're in the registration
applications and change notifications.
But everything that's down below this
line here, every, everything that's here,
when that gets processed and completed,
it ends up in a change to this stuff
that's sort of above the line.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
And so,
so this is how I was describing to people
that that stuff that's above the line is
the Palmy data set.
It's a curated data set.
And that's the stuff that Pradeep myself
and you are going to sort of build out
how we're going to deal with addresses,
how what is ABN going to be a mandatory
field in organisation so that we get much
better cleaner data.
How do we want to deal with registration
statuses?
All of the building of the new provider
curated data set is our responsibility.
Everything that's below the line is kind
of honey bees.
PS responsibility,
all of the work that Asqua does.
And so we're kind of at this critical
point now because you can hear Raj and
Radha talking about building the delivery
location module for the portal.
Well,
we haven't really defined the underlying
address model yet.
And,
and there's a lot of complexity because
these addresses or locations get mapped
to scope items.
And, and if you're a large provider,
you might have 100 delivery locations and
500 scope items.
And so the mapping of all of that
information as well as how many students
can you have at this location?
You know,
what's the address of this location?
Do you own it?
Do you at least there's,
there's all of this information about the
locations and so we need to do some work
down in this Palmy area to define the
home for the data while they're also
doing work at the same time on building.
How do I add a delivery location?
And so it's really important now that we
start sort of working hand in glove
because everything they're starting to
build, it's got to update this,
this Palmy data set, right?
So,
so we got to get very close on what our
models for some of this are.
The way we build Palmy directly relates
to how you will build this TGA
integration, right?
TGA is not really changing,
but our data model that sits underneath
it is going to change when we define the
new Palmy world.
But it has to be constrained by how we
have to publish that data to TGA.
So we can't just make some wild change
right now to the way Palmy is going to
work because it's got to still publish to
TGA.
So we'll we'll still have orgs,
we'll still have registrations,
we'll still have scope items,
we'll still have locations,
we'll still have contacts.
But we want to get rid of that legacy
tech debt that we've got on the Asquinet
side for that stuff.
And so, yeah, it's,
it's kind of strategic changes that we're
going to be making,
but we can't go too far.
I don't think TGA yet has budget to build
new web services or make significant
changes to their front end.
And so we can't come along and go, oh,
we're radically changing the way we're
doing delivery locations because they
won't have the budget to accommodate us
pushing different or new information.
So, but we do have a longer term strategy.
They are going to go to REST APIs.
They're they will get a budget.
There will be an opportunity for us to,
we will have built our new model and kind
of mapped it back to their existing model.
But there'll be an opportunity in the
future for us to go now we want TGA
updated to display this information
differently.
We,
your TGA is going to build new web
services and,
and all those different things, right?
So,
so that's that's a very much a future
piece of were were sort of hamstrung a
little bit to build to their their
existing legacy SOAP APIs, I guess.
Yeah, not a problem.
So this kind of went through a similar
thing, right?
It's probably the next one, right?
So,
so at some point this was sort of saying,
so we got our next Gen portal and there
were tip offs in there and we got rid of
complaints.
I think that was this one.
When we went live with our new portal,
we got rid of Asqua Connect.
We're no longer storing complaints in
Asquinet.
We've now kind of got 2 systems in play.
Actually that was this one here.
So we've got 2 systems in in play, right?
Asquinet portal still doing most of
registration management ask,
we're still publishing to TGA.
All we've really done is remove the
complaints module out of here, right.
What happened on this other side,
on the arm side is we put our new portal
in,
we've got the foundations of our modern
data warehouse and sort of data and
reporting environment.
We now have tip offs and concerns over on
this right hand side and it's using kind
of cases in there as well.
So those are the two things that were
deprecated there.
What we did,
which again you would have been around at
that time,
we did data flows to push organisations
contacts and some other data from
Asquinet across into arms just to support
sort of those base functions that we had
there.
So where we probably will be heading soon.
And so this is this transition point that
I sort of talked about, right.
We've got the modern data warehouse.
This was a point in time.
So you,
we will update this once you and Pradeep
have defined what integration management
looks like for us.
Yeah, yeah.
But my view kind of was we're no longer
publishing to TGA from Asquinet.
Any Asquinet data is kind of ending up in
the data warehouse.
Anything that's happening in Arms is
ending up in the data warehouse.
And in my head originally,
I was thinking we would publish to TGA
from the data warehouse instead of it
being directly hooked off ARMS.
It was kind of like bring any residual
Asquinet data,
bring the ARMS data in curated in the
modern data warehouse and then publish it
to TGA.
Yeah,
that is that is what I said to yesterday
to Pradeep also.
So connecting to data was database
because the reconciliation will be a
problem.
Yeah.
We should have a a middleware somewhere
so that I can reconcile if any issues
comes, I can say go here or come here.
Yeah.
So I need to have a nice dashboard.
This this what we did before for Westpac
also.
So yeah,
this is how we need to have a middleware.
So in the middleware there would be a
separate data system for the reporting
and separate data for, you know,
push and pull model.
Yep, Yep.
And so the modern data warehouse,
it exists.
We're we've got a new vendor in called
Playtime Solutions.
They're gonna build out the medallion
architecture, right.
And so OK.
And so that's all in flight right now.
So all the infrastructure's built,
all the products are there and connected
together.
I don't think we're gonna use data bricks
any more.
I don't like, I,
I threw in service bus and,
and API management services, but,
but this whole diagram about how we do
this is going to change.
That's you and Pradeep to figure out what
the best model for that is.
But,
but ultimately my thought was I don't
want our publishing, our API's publishing,
consuming or publishing to run directly
out of arms, right.
And so,
and it sounds like we're on the same page.
I don't want to connect to the source of
truth, you know, because that is wrong.
Yeah,
the middleware would be the nice to have.
Yeah, exactly.
It's a good solution.
Otherwise it would be a problem.
Yeah, yeah.
And I think we've got just about
everything's kind of in place and
provisioned, right.
So it's not like we're right back at the
starting point.
It's just we haven't really defined well
how do we want to use some of the
services that we've already got.
And there's probably some additional ones
that we want to provision for, for,
you know,
the API sort of stuff or data sharing
kind of things as well.
But, but in my head,
that's the approach I was hoping for was
that we disconnect publishing to TGA and
there's another one called Prisms, right?
But disconnect that from being directly
in arms, do that,
do that from another layer somewhere.
So sounds like we're on the same page,
right?
The complexity we've got reporting over
here,
we've got a portal over here that's still
sort of pushing stuff into Aspinet.
We've got our new portal.
So, so we're kind of, it's,
it's quite challenging while we've got 2
systems, but,
but the intention very quickly is to kind
of end up here, right,
where there is no Aspinet anymore.
That stuff all sort of exists.
The full portal exists there.
EDRMS is no longer objective.
It will be SharePoint with Castle Point
for records management sitting across the
top of it.
Business Central has already been
uplifted as our financial management
system.
And so it's sitting there ready to go for
us to build our new financial functions.
And we have a vendor for that called Tech
Infosys.
OK, I will introduce you to Taran.
He's a great bloke.
He built our original finance function
for Aspinet as a as a contractor to ASPA
and then started his own business.
And he's had the support contract the
whole time,
introduced me while starting this one.
I think he's from Infosys or something
right before Tech Infosys.
He's the own company,
but it's Tech Infosys.
Yeah, so,
so I'm just working through a statement
of work for him to come on and start
building all of our finance sort of
functions.
So, so at the moment,
Asquinet's portal calls Asquinet to
generate an invoice and once it's done
that it puts it into an XML file that
gets sent to Business Central.
And then payments come into Business
Central and it tries to update Asquinet
and,
and the the whole thing never balances.
And so the mandate here is the Business
Central manages all of our finance
function, right.
If we need an invoice on the portal and I,
we haven't defined how this would work,
but there's a call that just says here's
what I need an invoice for,
just give me the invoice.
And so that's something Taran will sort
of work with us on the architecture piece
of how do we want all of this to hang
together?
But he'll be part of our team and part of
Honeybee's team to build out any of those
finance sort of related functions.
OK, so,
so Business Central's kinda critical for
us in this new world.
SharePoint needy RMS done by Castle Point
Business Central managing our finance
function and,
and and the finance team uses that for
end of month, end of quarter,
end of year processes.
They report data out of Business Central
up to the government's finance system.
They receive RBA payment files that they
import in to match up all of our payments
that were received.
And so it's kind of a a really central
function.
The advantage we've got is finance is
like it works perfectly for us.
So all we did was move it from an on Prem
solution,
upgrade it to the latest online cloud
solution and it's now inside our
environment as a cloud solution.
But it's really just servicing Asquinet
right now.
The next step is to make IT service the
arms environment as well.
OK, got it.
And yeah, modern data warehouse, right.
So,
so those are just a couple of high level
diagrams about this transition piece if I
go back to.
And so intelligence was kind of the first
real case processing piece to that,
the proper UCM case processing.
Yeah,
qualification integrity sort of came out
from off to the side.
And so the,
the back story to it is what we found was
there was a lot of training, not a lot,
but a bunch of training providers who
realised we have a function that's called
recognition of prior learning.
And so if I turn up to a training
provider and say,
here's all of this documentation and
assignments and all of this stuff that
I've done,
all this work in another training
provider on another training product,
but it's applicable here, they can say,
well,
we'll recognise that you've already done
all of the work here for us to give you
that qualification.
OK.
And So what people were doing was they
were just going give us $2000,
send us a photo of you working with
children and we'll just give you a
qualification, right?
And so,
so the qualification integrity process is
about saying not only is that provider
not no longer meeting the requirements of
being a provider,
they issued a whole lot of kind of
fraudulent certificates.
And so qualification integrity is going
out to those students and going, well,
you're cancelling your qualification,
right?
Really impactful because these people are
using it for their job, right?
So,
so people are losing their jobs because
their qualifications are getting
cancelled,
which means they can no longer work in
those industries.
So very public facing the big potential.
The some of these are 6000 students,
right?
It's more than our provider community,
the number of people we would be
interacting with.
And so qualification integrity was the
first one where it's like we get this
massive volume of data that we have to
bring in to enable people to go to the
portal to register to, to respond to us,
to tell us why we shouldn't cancel their
qualification.
And you would have seen the start of that,
right,
the Danuca bit where he was refining that
import solution.
That was the solution that was built
using ADF and largely sort of evolved.
So when we first started building
qualification integrity, we thought, oh,
we could probably just build a couple of
compound keys and use the out of the box
import functionality that had too much
complexity in it.
So we got away from that and we ended up
we in hindsight,
maybe we could have done this using data
flows, right?
But we used ADF to do it,
but the performance on the ADF side was
really terrible.
And so, yeah, and,
and even like even the way it was
implemented, you know,
they were doing multiple queries for
things that they didn't need to query.
It was slowing it down.
All of those issues that we had,
it worked largely reliably that import
solution for the 6000 impacted
individuals that we had.
But if they go to 100,
000 impacted individuals,
The thing is going to run for a week and
it's, it's just not a viable solution.
So it starts with us getting a list of
all of the students that they want to
cancel their qualifications for and we
massage that data through the import
solution to bring that in and effectively
create the impacted individual as a as a
contact.
There's an ARN type of record that holds
the, you know,
this is the unique kind of challenge
values that we're gonna challenge you
with when you sign up.
And also all of the qualifications and
how long they've got to respond for those.
Some of them are high priority,
some of them are a lower priority.
So the way the process works is they use
Vision 6 to send out an email to all 6000
of those people and they use that IRN
that we've generated on that Vision 6
email to say, hey,
you're gonna have to register on our
portal or sign into our portal.
If you're registering,
you'll need to use this IRN and put your
date of birth in.
And once you're registered,
your records will appear in front of you
for to be able to, you know,
submit a form.
Why we shouldn't cancel your
qualification.
If you've already been cancelled or you
already have a portal account,
there's also a manual way that you can
just click on the add IRN button to add
another provider to your list of ones
that you're we're cancelling for you.
They basically go through that submission
of, you know,
I've been working in childcare for 10
years and look,
here's videos of me being really good
with children.
Largely Ask her is still cancelling the
qualifications, right.
There's not a lot that they've said, OK,
we won't cancel your qualification.
But they go through a case process to do
due diligence and make sure they assess
their evidence.
And then the outcome of that is to cancel
or not to cancel.
Yeah, Yeah, that's good.
I didn't look that import solution.
I need to look that one.
Yeah.
And and so right now I'll, I'll,
I'll actually go and have a chat to the
the business owner of that.
I don't think we're like it's not super
critical that we replace that import
solution with Danukas,
but it is a new year thing that we should
start having a plan for when we think we
could do that, right.
So I will review and I can come with
welcome.
I'll review and let you know where the
blocks are, how now we can rectify that.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So, so for me that if that was a February,
March one that we, you know,
you've reviewed it,
you you've identified a few ways that we
could productionize it and we're ready to
go into production.
I'm fine with that, right.
It's not something that, yeah,
it's not a January 15 that we have to
uplift the solution.
But like because Danuka did so much work
on it,
I don't want it to just sort of sit in
the background.
I think it makes real sense for us to
have, you know,
I think the error handling is probably a
lot better in the new solution.
We saw a couple of examples where 4 date
of births failed to come across when we
imported the records and there was no
error reporting on the fact that that
happened, right.
So it's a bit of an uplift of that sort
of error handling and reporting in,
in that new process as well,
but but kind of a lower priority.
I just don't want to lose focus on it.
So there was the import solution,
probably a good segue into the file copy.
So, so when people upload things,
it ends up in BLOB storage.
And then we've got this logic app that
goes and picks it up and, you know,
it's got a little bit of duplicate
detection and some metadata mapping in
there.
And it sticks the files into SharePoint.
And for the most part,
that's been working reliably.
But Danuka again went and had a look at
it and said,
I think there's a better way of doing a
better performance, better error handling.
And it was kind of a combo logic app
function app kind of solution that he
built again, that looked really good,
right?
And so it's exactly the same both that
file copy and the import solution of
things that I do want to productionize.
But we're managing OK in the short term.
So they're not our highest priority.
But yet it's kind of a secondary one for
you is to is to, yeah,
progress those ones along towards
production.
No problem at all.
Yeah.
So I think if we went into dev,
we'd also see a registration management
app and that is where all of the new
stuff is going to come along, right?
And,
and I've got a view because everybody's
sort of working in their own apps and,
and there's some inconsistencies between
language.
If I go into the Qi app,
they call accounts RTO's, right?
And that makes sense in there because
that's how that team sort of refers to
them.
If I go to the intelligence app,
the account record is probably called
provider or it's just been left as
account, right?
So we kind of got all of these.
We've got 4 solutions that were largely
built by 4 different teams and there's
some inconsistency across those, right?
And so part of what you may and Pradeep,
what I wanna try and do is go,
we're gonna put in registration
management,
then we're gonna put in performance
assessment and compliance management.
Now is the time for us to sort of
standardise some of the language things,
but also what is the overarching app
someone might go to to see everything,
right.
So, so I, I,
I don't think we've really landed the
future of,
of sort of app management and how we're
going to make it all come together once
all of the teams are in,
in the arms environment.
So, yeah.
And so that's kind of where we're at.
No problem.
This is too much of information.
I will go through this and I'll I'll do a
nice understanding and I'll do on a road
map and I'll keep it with my list so I
can hit one by one.
Yeah, perfect.
And so, yeah, let's stop it there, right.
So, so go away,
do a bit of digestion of that.
And this again, right.
We've got until next Wednesday,
but I think from Friday people are gonna
start disappearing.
And so this time is really good to just
get you up to need.
And I think you'll be able to start to do
a little bit of a deep dive on, you know,
the highest priority sort of ones like
the the, the sign up stuff.
Yeah,
my plan is to get all the access sorted
out,
do a little bit of like a deployment and
see whether the changes are playing there
or not.
So in the holidays,
I'll digest all the code and Yep,
start the newer, I'll start the RMA fresh.
Yep, Yep.
That's yeah, absolutely fine.
So, yeah,
and then I think we can probably start
doing some deeper dives on the individual
solutions.
Like I want to talk you and me and
Pradeep about with qualification
integrity, we put in that ARN solution,
ask for a reference number, right?
Just a randomly generated number that we
send out to people.
The portal in the future is all going to
be invitation only, right?
So you won't be able to go to our new
portal and just go,
I just want to sign up.
You could probably click on the sign up
button, right?
But you've gotta have a challenge
question that we've provided to you and
that is basically this reference number.
And so I wanted,
but what we implemented for qualification
integrity probably isn't the overall
model that we want for the entire portal.
So as you start getting into sign up for
RMA,
I want us to also go and have a look at
how can we uplift the the ASQUA reference
number solution to make it consistent
across everything we're gonna do moving
forward.
But that's really the main focus, right?
Just get yourself up to speed,
get your knowledge back up,
but but sort of just target that sign in
sign up kind of piece of RMA to start
with.
Yeah, Good.
Interesting, Jamie, very interesting.
Yeah, I'm going to love this.
Yeah.
And yeah.
But mate, there is so much this,
those slides that I showed you was to to
say to people like there is so much work
to get done, right.
And we're a pretty small team.
It's like we've got to be really,
really smart and efficient if we're going
to get it done.
But yeah,
they're already starting to sort of think
maybe June 2027,
they're not going to have 100% of the
work done.
So they're already starting to talk about
how it'll extend after that as well.
So yeah, I think there's,
there's plenty for us to sort of go on
with then.
Yeah.
So I I don't know because I just in a
request I see,
but if you have some contact,
you can let me know because you know this
laptop is not with the spec issue.
This laptop is really good,
but the issue is with their blocking,
right?
Yep.
All if I want to look in a Microsoft and
architecture and I want to go and look
some other documents,
most of the teams are blocked.
So what I want to do is I want to email
that link to my personal computer,
then I want to get it from there.
You know, it's like a time diversity.
Yeah.
Is there anything we can get in a VM?
I don't want to connect to any
environment of this Asqua.
I don't want anything to this Asqua
related, just a VM.
I need to start from my laptop machine.
It's like my personal machine.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
So I will go and do my research there.
I just want to copy and paste the test
text to here, that's it.
If I want to read or if there is a small
code is given because in the GitHub they
give lot more thing.
But if you go to that author who did that
one, you have a separate block.
In that block, I can't read much.
You know, it's blocked.
That's it.
Yeah.
And are you just getting like the page
that pops up that says this one's blocked
and and then there's like a reclassify
this URL.
Do do you get that there's a no no as
well?
No, it won't.
Doesn't allow me.
Yeah, cool, 'cause I've had some as well,
right?
Like really obvious ones you should be
able to get to.
And it's weird,
sometimes I've gone back to them a second
time 5 minutes later and it's let me in
and others it just won't do it.
So that we absolutely have VMS and I
think,
I think they're less blocked than that.
Let me think about the best person to
talk to Yeah,
I don't want to connect to Ask One Net at
all.
I just need in a personal VM which has an
Internet thing,
but I need to open it from Ask One.
Yeah.
And I so so grant that we keep talking
about who's not here anymore.
He was our duo guy that could go and find
this information and get the right people
and he'd take it as a back door kind of
thing.
But he's not there anymore, right.
So leave it with me.
I will add that to my list and I'll go
and have a chat to find out.
But the the only reason I'm humming and R
ING there's two reasons.
One is the VM that I got they charge us
for, which wasn't prohibitive either.
I don't use mine right.
So I'm happy for you to take mine over
and then there's no difference in charge
to ASPA.
But I just don't know if it's
unrestricted enough for you to get access
to what you want right.
So I just want to make sure that we cover
those off before we do yeah before we
give you 1.
I have no, no problem with you having one.
So.
So if this is the way to solve the
problem, then we'll get you one.
It would be,
it would be so easy because with the
latest DAA and you know,
with the GitHub and which, Yeah,
because it's most of The thing is already
done.
Yeah, Yeah.
So I just want to take what we we need
for ASCO and we need to modify it.
But you know,
I want to play around juggle between two
machines now.
Yep, Yep.
No, I, I,
we can absolutely make this happen, right?
It's just I'll add it to my list and I'll
go and do a little bit of investigation
and get us a name to go and talk to.
If you want, I can share the architecture,
how we did that for the PMC,
how they are giving us with the full
access.
Yep.
If you want, I can send the email.
Separate architecture,
what we built for that.
Yeah.
OK, yeah,
let me try and get a name and then maybe
even if we just have a chat with someone
to find out what the best way to achieve
what we need is.
Yeah, happy to progress that.
Yeah,
but that architecture is going to confuse
others.
But simple word is personal machine from
the ASCO laptop as a VM.
That's it.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah.
OK.
Yeah.
I don't know if it'll go that far,
but I'm sure there's an unlocked one that,
you know,
gives you a much better access to the
Internet.
I don't want to harden people think so
much on us.
If it is possible, we will do it.
Otherwise it's not an issue at all.
Yep, Yep.
Cool.
Right.
I'll add it to my list and I'll I'll give
you an update.
Thank you.
Perfect.
Thank you, Jamie.
Thank you.
Bye.